Documentation reorg / edit suggestions + recommend `use_pkgdown_github_pages()` over `use_pkgdown()` (#2562)
r-lib/pkgdown: vignettes/pkgdown.Rmd

Note the use of `starts_with()` to select all functions with a common prefix.
You can also use `ends_with()` and `matches()`.
See complete details in `?build_reference`, including other topic matching helper functions.

While iterating on the reference index you might want to run `pkgdown::build_reference_index()`.
It just re-builds the index page, making it faster to quickly change `_pkgdown.yml` and see how it affects your site.

## Articles

pkgdown will automatically build all vignettes found in `vignettes/`, translating them to HTML files in `articles/`.
It is recommended to name your intro article with your package name to generate a Get Started page automatically.

Due to the way that pkgdown has to integrate R Markdown generated HTML with its own HTML, relatively little control is available over the output format.
You can see the details in `?build_articles`.

> If you want to include an article on the website but not in the package (e.g., because it's large), you can either place it in a subdirectory of `vignettes/` (e.g. `vignettes/web_only`) or add it to `.Rbuildignore` (and make sure that there's no `vignettes:` section in the yaml header). See `usethis::use_article()` for an automated way to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to include an article on the website but not in the package (e.g., because it's large), you can either place it in a subdirectory of `vignettes/` (e.g. `vignettes/articles`) or add it to `.Rbuildignore` (and make sure that there's no `vignettes:` section in the yaml header). See `usethis::use_article()` for an automated way to do this.
```

Do we really need to suggest two ways to do this?

## Articles

pkgdown will automatically build all vignettes found in `vignettes/`, translating them to HTML files in `articles/`.
It is recommended to name your intro article with your package name to generate a Get Started page automatically.

Due to the way that pkgdown has to integrate R Markdown generated HTML with its own HTML, relatively little control is available over the output format.
You can see the details in `?build_articles`.

> If you want to include an article on the website but not in the package (e.g., because it's large), you can either place it in a subdirectory of `vignettes/` (e.g. `vignettes/web_only`) or add it to `.Rbuildignore` (and make sure that there's no `vignettes:` section in the yaml header). See also `usethis::use_article()` for an automated way to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to include an article on the website but not in the package (e.g., because it's large), you can either place it in a subdirectory of `vignettes/` (e.g. `vignettes/web_only`) or add it to `.Rbuildignore` (and make sure that there's no `vignettes:` section in the yaml header). See  `usethis::use_article()` for an automated way to do this.
```

> If you use GitHub, there are two ways to publish your site on GitHub Pages:

Reviewer: Since we're now only recommending one way (which is good!), this sentence needs to be tweaked, and I think we can get rid of the bullets.

Author: I also made changes in README to reflect that everywhere!

If you use GitHub, there are two ways to publish your site on GitHub Pages:

-   Use GitHub actions to automatically build and publish the site every time you make a change.
    The easiest way to set this up is to run `usethis::use_pkgdown_github_pages()`, and if you need to customize the action, see [README.md r-lib/actions](https://github.com/r-lib/actions/tree/v2-branch/examples#build-pkgdown-site).

> -   Build the site locally, check in the docs directory, then configure GitHub Pages to [use that directory](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it's worth recommending this at all any more.
